construction number 22 the orthocenter
of a triangle so I start we're taking my
compass and adjusting it so that it is
to the length of BC from here I draw an
arc with the compass point on be through
a B I change my compass point so that
it's on C keeping the composite same
width and I draw an arc through AC that
gives me two points as column D and E
kicks I take my compass I place a back
on B again i justed so that it's greater
than half the width between B and D I
draw an arc outside my triangle I put
the compass point on D this time I make
sure I keep the width the same and I
draw an arc that intersects s initial
arc let's call this point yes I do the
same between E and C doing the same
between E and F I put my compass point
on see I draw an AK outside my triangle
I put my compass point on E and draw
another earth outside my triangle let's
call this point Jean
I join f2c and what I guess is a
right-hand girl here at a B and this
line from C to a B is what's known as an
altitude of the triangle again I joined
B to G
this forms a right angle with a seat and
again the point B to a C is an altitude
and the point at which these two
altitudes meet let's call it o is the
orthocenter of this triangle